README.md, before:

# Docker Workshop

## Labs

- [Full hands-on lab](full-lab.md)

- [Mini hands-on lab](mini-lab.md)

## Playground

- [Play With Docker](https://labs.play-with-docker.com)

- [Katakoda Docker playground](https://www.katacoda.com/courses/docker/playground) 

## Free online VM workstation

- [OnWorks](https://www.onworks.net/onworkssession.php)

## YouTube

- [Docker for Beginners by KodeKloud](https://youtu.be/zJ6WbK9zFpI)

- [Docker Tutorial for Beginners by TechWorld with Nana](https://youtu.be/3c-iBn73dDE)

- [เรียน Docker 101 by FreeCodingVDO](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLWTLymzwdH2f-Slsy-_MLDiZWJP8Ph9KM)

- [Docker สำหรับผู้เริ่มต้น by Born2Learn TH](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlsDXOMOayN6yp1R5GACK4pGgcHT11FS3)

- [Docker online by CMDev](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLrR5PBmfm0hRW9jpTh4fG4E0JDnr8MNRX)

- [Docker Workshop by KubeOps Skills](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLWApnCxWplk4C4LkbV_TK87-NRaIgYZut)

## Other hands-on labs

- [Docker 101 Tutorial](https://www.docker.com/101-tutorial)

- [Learn Docker & Containers](https://www.katacoda.com/courses/docker)

- [Play with Docker Classroom](https://training.play-with-docker.com)

- [Docker labs by Collabnix](https://dockerlabs.collabnix.com)

- [100 Best Docker Tutorials](https://www.aquasec.com/cloud-native-academy/docker-container/100-best-docker-tutorials/)

Commit message:

add Prerequisite for Windows Machine

README.md, after:

# Docker Workshop

## Prerequisite for Windows Machine!!!
- [Prerequisite for Windows Machine](pre-windows.md)

## Labs

- [Full hands-on lab](full-lab.md)

- [Mini hands-on lab](mini-lab.md)

## Playground

- [Play With Docker](https://labs.play-with-docker.com)

- [Katakoda Docker playground](https://www.katacoda.com/courses/docker/playground) 

## Free online VM workstation

- [OnWorks](https://www.onworks.net/onworkssession.php)

## YouTube

- [Docker for Beginners by KodeKloud](https://youtu.be/zJ6WbK9zFpI)

- [Docker Tutorial for Beginners by TechWorld with Nana](https://youtu.be/3c-iBn73dDE)

- [เรียน Docker 101 by FreeCodingVDO](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLWTLymzwdH2f-Slsy-_MLDiZWJP8Ph9KM)

- [Docker สำหรับผู้เริ่มต้น by Born2Learn TH](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlsDXOMOayN6yp1R5GACK4pGgcHT11FS3)

- [Docker online by CMDev](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLrR5PBmfm0hRW9jpTh4fG4E0JDnr8MNRX)

- [Docker Workshop by KubeOps Skills](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLWApnCxWplk4C4LkbV_TK87-NRaIgYZut)

## Other hands-on labs

- [Docker 101 Tutorial](https://www.docker.com/101-tutorial)

- [Learn Docker & Containers](https://www.katacoda.com/courses/docker)

- [Play with Docker Classroom](https://training.play-with-docker.com)

- [Docker labs by Collabnix](https://dockerlabs.collabnix.com)

- [100 Best Docker Tutorials](https://www.aquasec.com/cloud-native-academy/docker-container/100-best-docker-tutorials/)
